Improve circuit for `Prio3Sum` (*) (#406)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

### Prio3Sum

| Parameter         | Value                                          |
|:------------------|:-----------------------------------------------|
| `Valid`           | `Sum(Field64, max_measurement)` (this section) |
| `Field`           | `Field64` ({{fields}})                         |
| `PROOFS`          | `1`                                            |
| `Xof`             | `XofTurboShake128` ({{xof-turboshake128}})     |
{: title="Parameters for Prio3Sum."}

The next instance of Prio3 supports summing of integers in a pre-determined
range. Each measurement is an integer in `range(max_measurement+1)`, where
`max_measurement` is an associated parameter equal to the largest valid
measurement.

> The range check is accomplished by encoding the measurement in a way that
> ensures it is in range, then comparing the reported measurement to the range
> checked measurement. Let
> 
> * `bits = max_measurement.bit_length()`, the number of bits needed to encode
>   the largest valid measurement
> 
> * `offset = 2**bits - 1 - max_measurement`
> 
> The range checked measurement is the bit-encoding of `offset` plus the
> measurement. Observe that only measurements between `0` and `max_measurement`
> inclusive can be encoded this way with `bits` bits.

Reviewer: Same as below. My two main issues with the existing explanation are that it elides that the "reported measurement" is encoded as a bit vector as well, and the claim that the 'range checked measurement' ensures the measurement is "between `0` and `max_measurement`" is too strong, since that could represent a measurement of `-offset` as well.

```suggestion
The range check is accomplished by encoding the measurement as a bit vector,
encoding the measurement plus an offset as a bit vector, then checking that the
two encoded integers are consistent. Let

* `bits = max_measurement.bit_length()`, the number of bits needed to encode
  the largest valid measurement

* `offset = 2**bits - 1 - max_measurement`

The first bit-encoded integer is the measurement itself. Note that only
measurements between `0` and `2**bits - 1` can be encoded this way with
`bits` bits. The second bit-encoded integer is the sum of the measurement
and `offset`. Observe that only measurements between `-offset` and
`max_measurement` inclusive can be encoded this way with `bits` bits.
```

> The circuit, denoted `Sum`, first checks that each entry of this bit vector is a
> one or a zero. It then decodes it and subtracts it from `offset` plus the
> reported value. Since the range checked measurement is in the correct range,
> equality implies that the reported measurement is as well.

Reviewer: Continued
```suggestion
The circuit, denoted `Sum`, first checks that each entry of both bit vectors is a
one or a zero. It then decodes both the measurement and the offset
measurement, and subtracts `offset` from the latter. It then checks if these two
values are equal. Since both the measurement and the measurement plus `offset`
are in the same range of `0` to `2**bits - 1`, this means that the measurement
itself is between `0` and `max_measurement`.
```

| `Valid`           | `Sum(Field64, max_measurement)` (this section) |
| `Field`           | `Field64` ({{fields}})                         |
| `PROOFS`          | `1`                                            |
| `Xof`             | `XofTurboShake128` ({{xof-turboshake128}})     |
{: title="Parameters for Prio3Sum."}

The next instance of Prio3 supports summing of integers in a pre-determined
range. Each measurement is an integer in `range(max_measurement+1)`, where
`max_measurement` is an associated parameter equal to the largest valid
measurement.

The range check is accomplished by encoding the measurement as a bit vector,
encoding the measurement plus an offset as a bit vector, then checking that the
two encoded integers are consistent. Let

* `bits = max_measurement.bit_length()`, the number of bits needed to encode
  the largest valid measurement

* `offset = 2**bits - 1 - max_measurement`

The first bit-encoded integer is the measurement itself. Note that only
measurements between `0` and `2**bits - 1` can be encoded this way with
`bits` bits. The second bit-encoded integer is the sum of the measurement
and `offset`. Observe that only measurements between `-offset` and

> `max_measurement` inclusive can be encoded this way with `bits` bits.

Author: @divergentdave if true, this is not the intent of the construction, and it contradicts the statement above: 

>  Each measurement is an integer in `range(max_measurement+1)`, where associated parameter. `max_measurement` is an associated parameter equal to the largest valid measurement.

Reviewer: This is referring specifically to the second encoded integer, but not the first encoded integer. We only get `range(max_measurement+1)` when combining the two, and checking they're consistent. Maybe this would be clearer?

> Observe that this sum can only be encoded this way if it is between `0` and `2**bits - 1`, which implies that the measurement is between `-offset` and `max_measurement`.

Author: Ah ok, that makes more sense! Yes that's clearer.

| `Valid`           | `Sum(Field64, max_measurement)` (this section) |
| `Field`           | `Field64` ({{fields}})                         |
| `PROOFS`          | `1`                                            |
| `Xof`             | `XofTurboShake128` ({{xof-turboshake128}})     |
{: title="Parameters for Prio3Sum."}

The next instance of Prio3 supports summing of integers in a pre-determined
range. Each measurement is an integer in `range(max_measurement+1)`, where
`max_measurement` is an associated parameter equal to the largest valid
measurement.

The range check is accomplished by encoding the measurement as a bit vector,
encoding the measurement plus an offset as a bit vector, then checking that the
two encoded integers are consistent. Let

* `bits = max_measurement.bit_length()`, the number of bits needed to encode
  the largest valid measurement

* `offset = 2**bits - 1 - max_measurement`

The first bit-encoded integer is the measurement itself. Note that only
measurements between `0` and `2**bits - 1` can be encoded this way with
`bits` bits. The second bit-encoded integer is the sum of the measurement and

> `offset`. Observe that this sum can only be encoded this way if it is between 0
> and 2**bits - 1, which implies that the measurement is between `-offset` and

Reviewer: nit: consistency
```suggestion
`offset`. Observe that this sum can only be encoded this way if it is between `0`
and `2**bits - 1`, which implies that the measurement is between `-offset` and
```
